Stricter TabulatedRatingCurve validation (#1469)
Deltares/Ribasim: docs/core/usage.qmd

# TabulatedRatingCurve {#sec-tabulated-rating-curve}

This table is similar in structure to the Basin profile.

> The TabulatedRatingCurve gives a relation between the upstream level of a connected Basin and its outflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The TabulatedRatingCurve gives a relation between the level of a directly upstream Basin or Levelboundary and its outflow.
```
